So one thing that I did in
the interim is I went ahead and
checked in the code that I'd
been working on live coding.
So if you go back to the repo, you'll see
this 01 component fundamentals branch.
And so if you want to get caught back up
to where I am, I definitely recommend
you can do get fetch all on
the command line and pull that down.
So I'll just show you real quick.
You'll get that get fetch -- all
It'll go and upload the branches so
obviously because I had that branch
it was already on my computer, but
if you don't, it'll pull that branch
down and then you can then, so
I'm just gonna hop onto master.
Oops, here you can go
just get checked out.
01, component fundamentals, there we go.
And so this is pretty much right where
I left off before we went on break and
so what I'd like to do is I wanna
do a quick coding challenge.
So I wanna give everybody
an opportunity to reinforce What
they have seen in the previous module.
So it's going to be fairly simple,
and I'll explain it to everyone and
then we'll just do a quick break, maybe
ten minutes to the coding challenge, and
then we'll come back and
we'll get into forums.
So, in our home component we
spent quite a bit of time
iterating over this course
lessons displaying it in the DOM.
We also created some
additional properties.
We display that via binding and then using
event binding we then from our template,
when we selected a lesson, then we
pass that back into the component and
then using this JSON pipe over here,
we were able to dump it in.
So what this looks like is if we hop
back here, you can see these lessons.
And let me just refresh.
There we go.
And as I select it down here, if there's
no lesson selected, then you get a prompt.
So what I would like everybody
to do real quick is to
if you open up the courses component.
And the courses component.html, so,
courses component.ts,
coursescomponenthtml.
We are going to essentially flesh or
build this out.
So, in our courses component,
we have a single course.
What I would recommend, you do just
to make sure that ng4 is working
is you could, add another course in here.
So I'm just going to go 2 just
go JavaScript The Really
Really Hard Parts.
And Worship Will Sentence.
We'll set percent complete to 50.
I mean, so this is completely arbitrary.
But, I'm just adding another one in here.
And so take the courses array using ng4 in
the courses component.html,
I would like for you to loop over and
display the courses in a course list and
then when you select a course,
then what you can do is just dump it out
in this course details caught over here.
So if you get stuck, everything you
need to know to complete this challenge
is over in home component.ts and
home component.html.
So the idea is to display the courses
In a course list using ng4 and
then, add an event handler
to the courses component,
that when you select it,
it creates a selected course and
then you just display that.
So what I'm going to do,
is I'm going to just add
a couple quick notes here for
people to follow along.
Challenge step one
Display courses In,
Using ng4.
Step two,
add event handler to select course.
And then step three Display
raw JSON of selected course.
All right, so three steps.
I think that using home
component home component.ts,
this is probably 10 minutes worth of work.
And what I'm going to do is, I will also
just push this up real quick, git status.
Okay, so I've modified one course,
so git add,
Challenge description.
All right.
So, this has been pushed up.
So if you wanna pull
this branch back down,
you can get the challenge
here of what we want to do
recommend that you reference home
component.ts home component.html